#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass scrbook
\begin_preamble
% enables calculations
\usepackage{calc}

% increases the bottom float placement fraction
\renewcommand{\bottomfraction}{0.5}
\end_preamble
\options intoc,bibliography=totoc,index=totoc,BCOR10mm,captions=tableheading,titlepage
\use_default_options true
\master /usr/share/lyx/examples/thesis/thesis.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "lmodern" "default"
\font_sans "lmss" "default"
\font_typewriter "lmtt" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement h
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_title "Abstract"
\pdf_author "Your name"
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered true
\pdf_bookmarksopen true
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 2
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks false
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle false
\pdf_quoted_options "pdfpagelayout=OneColumn, pdfnewwindow=true, pdfstartview=XYZ, plainpages=false"
\papersize a4paper
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 2
\use_package amssymb 2
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip medskip
\is_math_indent 1
\math_indentation default
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle plain
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter*
General Conclusion
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
addcontentsline{toc}{chapter}{General Conclusion} 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
adds table of contents entry
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The purpose of the project was to develop a microservice that manages Job
 Batches and enable Advyteam clients to introduce their business logic into
 the application, with little or no help from Advyteam support team.
 In addition, generate different reports to help the client to have a broader
 overview of the batch status, and easy the create of employees' files,
 such as payroll, evaluation cards, etc.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
During this report I have tried to summarize the work done for 16 weeks
 while working on the application.
 I began the report by presenting the host company under which the project
 has been done.
 An overview of the project background was then presented, and finished
 the chapter with the different proposed solutions, and the reasons for
 the chosen solution.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The second phase was the analysis and the specification.
 Actually, this was fulfilled by detailing the functional and non-functional
 requirements.
 Thereafter a formal representation of the needs was demonstrated with the
 help and some use case diagrams.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
After determining the application requirements, I began the design chapter,
 which contained an overview of the architecture, and the way the components
 communicated with each other, and the system state overtime.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Following, I described in the implementation chapter the solution in great
 detail and presented the achieved work with the help of some screenshots.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In the end, I presented the Kanban artifacts, with the help of a Cumulative
 Flow Diagram, Control Chart and the Backlog, and finished the chapter with
 a project perspective.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Personally, this project was very challenging to me, as most the technologies
 I have used was new to me and had to process a great amount of information
 in such short time, however, it was a very enriching technical experience,
 as much as it was a useful and rewarding exercise of the microservice and
 asynchronous communication worlds.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I also faced several difficulties during the development of the application.
 The most important ones being bugs related to spring projects, which I
 had reported in their issue tracking system, and were fixed right-away.
 The first bug was that Spring batch could not stop a job from a different
 JVM, a 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

NoSuchJobException
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 was being thrown while the job existed.
 Spring Batch team decided to further detail this exception.
 The issue is reported under BATCH-2667 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "BATCH-2667"
literal "false"

\end_inset

 code with more details of the problem.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The second bug that I have encountered was in Spring Integration project,
 where a Deserializer class behaved abnormally and cause unclear exceptions,
 the bug was also reported, and thanks to the active spring community, an
 alternative solution was proposed, and the bug was fixed in preceding version.
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "INT-4374"
literal "false"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Another great advantage of this internship is that in addition to the technical
 skills I have acquired, I have also learnt a great deal about the human
 resources systems, with a pioneer company such Advyteam in this field.
 Particularly, I have been well integrated in the Advyteam team, I have
 been even invited to participate at the company's team-buildings and events,
 such as soft-skills training sessions and other technical training sessions.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subparagraph*
Perspective
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A lot of improvement and new feature can be introduced in this project,
 however, due to time constraint, I only implemented the most important
 ones, nevertheless, here is a list of possible features that can be done:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Create a test suite for the developer how is going to implement the template
 jar, currently it is a bit hard to test.
 A spring boot starter can be used to help the developer during testing.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Add a notification system, to notify the user of upon job status change
 event, using Email or phone notification.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Add support for the DOC/DOCX format in the report editor.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
