#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass scrbook
\begin_preamble
% enables calculations
\usepackage{calc}

% increases the bottom float placement fraction
\renewcommand{\bottomfraction}{0.5}
\end_preamble
\options intoc,bibliography=totoc,index=totoc,BCOR10mm,captions=tableheading,titlepage
\use_default_options true
\master /usr/share/lyx/examples/thesis/thesis.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "lmodern" "default"
\font_sans "lmss" "default"
\font_typewriter "lmtt" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement h
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_title "Abstract"
\pdf_author "Your name"
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered true
\pdf_bookmarksopen true
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 2
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks false
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle false
\pdf_quoted_options "pdfpagelayout=OneColumn, pdfnewwindow=true, pdfstartview=XYZ, plainpages=false"
\papersize a4paper
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 2
\use_package amssymb 2
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip medskip
\is_math_indent 1
\math_indentation default
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle plain
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter*
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
addcontentsline{toc}{chapter}{Introduction} 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
adds table of contents entry
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Current Human Resource Management Systems that are available in the market,
 which had previously practiced by several companies, seemed to be cumbersome,
 technologically aging, with little focus on data convergence, very expensive
 to implement, and especially inadequate for the reality of working methods
 inside modern companies.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In concrete terms, these software, did not promote for collective intelligence.
 Today, 73% of employees declare themselves to be disengaged from the company's
 life.
 A lack of involvement that costs an average of 126,000€ per year to a private
 sector company.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This is where Advyteam founders, chose to intervene by creating a powerful
 human resource management system adequate for all type and sizes of companies,
 with an enriching experience for both human resource managers, and the
 employees.
 They named their product 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Accretio
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, which is the Latin word for 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Growth
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 Indeed, Accretio help companies to grow by providing four modules:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\shape italic
Core HR:
\shape default
 Handles most standard Human Resource functionalities.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Easy Run: Allow for a full administration of employees (Positions, personal
 information's, etc).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Talent: Manages the recruitment process and CV archiving, maps employees'
 competencies with current internal opening, etc.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Connect: An internal company social media.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The project presented in this report, will be used to append user specific
 business logic to each of the modules mentioned above, by providing the
 client a mean to upload his own custom code into our platform using tools
 that are provided to him beforehand.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The first chapter will contain a brief introduction of the host company,
 followed by a detailed description of the problem I am trying to solve
 and finish the chapter with the proposed solutions, and the one that have
 been chosen.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Afterwards, I will shift to the analysis and specification of the solution,
 by determining which development methodology has been used develop the
 application.
 The functional and non-functional requirements are presented next, and
 ending the chapter by introducing some use case diagrams, to further detail
 requirements.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Throughout the third chapter, I will detail the overall design of the microservi
ce, by presenting the architecture first, thereafter, the class diagram,
 sequence diagram of the main senario, and conclude the chapter with an
 activity diagram.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The final chapter will detail chosen solution, by defining the main aspect
 of it.
 Finally, I will present some screenshots showing main features.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Eventually, I will finish by conclusion and a set of suggestion for a possible
 ways enhance the project.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
